Added installation instructions to stackscli about.md (#526)
Ensono/amido.github.io: docs/stackscli/about.md

The CLI will help you get started with scaffolding your applications and workspaces using Ensono Stacks! Through a series of questions the CLI will determine how and what to build for your workspace, helping to accelerate your development process!

## Installation

> As the CLI is a single binary the quickest way to install it is to download it and put it somewhere in your PATH. The following code snippets show how this can be achieved using Bash and PowerShell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the CLI is a single binary, the quickest way to install it is to download it and add it to your PATH. The following code snippets show how this can be achieved using Bash and PowerShell.
```

### Linux and Mac OS

```bash
# Download the binary to a location in the PATH
## Mac OS
curl https://github.com/Ensono/stacks-cli/releases/download/v{stackscli_version}/stacks-cli-darwin-amd64-{stackscli_version} -o /usr/local/bin/stacks-cli

## Linux
curl https://github.com/Ensono/stacks-cli/releases/download/v{stackscli_version}/stacks-cli-linux-amd64-{stackscli_version} -o /usr/local/bin/stacks-cli

## Ensure that the command is executable
chmod +x /usr/local/bin/stacks-cli
```

### Windows

> The following PowerShell snippet will download the application to the user's Downloads directory. It is up to the user to put it somewhere that is accessible on the PATH or use the full path to the app when using it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following PowerShell snippet will download the Stacks CLI executable to the user's Downloads directory. It should be moved somewhere accessible for use through the PATH (or alternatively, use the full path to the app when using it).
```
